README.md, before:

# new-york-times-clone

> this is a clone of the new york times article on "Space Ripples Reveal Big Bang’s Smoking Gun".

![screenshot](img/Screenshot.png)

## Built With

- HTML5
- CSS3

## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- Github: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/chirchir12 )
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/shadochir )
- Linkedin: [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/chirma/ )

👤 **Author2**

- Github: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/misterpaul4)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/paulajuze)
- Linkedin: [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/chukwuebuka-paul-ajuizeogu/)

## Getting started

- Clone the repository with:
    ``` git clone git@github.com/chirchir12/new-york-times-clone.git  ```

- See the original page here: https://www.nytimes.com/2014/03/18/science/space/detection-of-waves-in-space-buttresses-landmark-theory-of-big-bang.html?_r=0

- Check the index.html to edit the structure of the page.

- Check the style.css to edit the style of the page.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Live preview

You can check how the website looks in: https://rawcdn.githack.com/chirchir12/new-york-times-clone/411138ba1e5fb1f06259f261864eb3b1cb76f71a/index.html
## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](lic.url) licensed.
# new-york-times-clone

Commit message:

updated read me file with more description of the project

README.md, after:

# new-york-times-clone

> this is a clone of the new york times article on "Space Ripples Reveal Big Bang’s Smoking Gun". 
> The goal of the project was to learn CSS layout using flexbox, floats and css grid.
> The project is not responsive at the moment 
> We used semantic HTML to structure the markup 

![screenshot](img/Screenshot.png)

## Built With

- HTML5
- CSS3

## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- Github: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/chirchir12 )
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/shadochir )
- Linkedin: [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/chirma/ )
- Email: [email](chirchir7370@gmail.com)

👤 **Author2**

- Github: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/misterpaul4)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/paulajuze)
- Linkedin: [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/chukwuebuka-paul-ajuizeogu/)
- Email: [email](ajuzepaul@gmail.com )

## Getting started

- Clone the repository with:
    ``` git clone git@github.com/chirchir12/new-york-times-clone.git  ```
- cd to ```new-york-times-clone```

- See the original page here: https://www.nytimes.com/2014/03/18/science/space/detection-of-waves-in-space-buttresses-landmark-theory-of-big-bang.html?_r=0

- Check the index.html to edit the structure of the page.

- Check the style.css to edit the style of the page.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Live preview

You can check how the website looks in: https://rawcdn.githack.com/chirchir12/new-york-times-clone/411138ba1e5fb1f06259f261864eb3b1cb76f71a/index.html
## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](lic.url) licensed.
# new-york-times-clone
